Create MOM-2023-08-10.md (#17)
camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress: documentation/MeetingMinutes/MOM-2023-08-10.md

# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date:** 10-ago-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Sebastian Köller (Vodafone)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Krzysztof Sielski (Deutsche Telekom)
- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)

 

## Goals

Review Members Access to WG </br>
Open Issues </br>

Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | WG | Main WG participants have subscription enabled
[Issue#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/12) | TEF | Required 'currency' information in API design
Consent management in API | WG | Discussion about consent Management
Baseline API Proposal | TEF | Ongoing API v0.1

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----

> Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | Sebastian (VF) and Georgios (DT) are fully operative. Klaus (VF) and Krzysztof (DT) are managing its access. PRs triggered to update [Maintaners](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/14) and [CodeOwners](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/15) (already merged) accordingly.

Author: ```suggestion
Review Members Access to WG - [Issue#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/10) | Sebastian (VF) and Georgios (DT) are fully operative. Klaus (VF) and Krzysztof (DT) are managing its access. PRs triggered to update [Maintaners](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/14) and CodeOwners (pending) accordingly.
```
